Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
What the fuck do you want?
4x07 - "Truths Other
Than the Ones You Tell Yourself"
sync & correction by f1nc0
Resync by GoldenBeard
- Addic7ed.com ~
You want to tell
me how you got those bruises?
Not really.
You afraid if you do. you
won't get your kids back?
I'm starting to wonder if I should
be more afraid of getting them back.
I don't deserve to be their mother.
Maybe I don't deserve anything
more than exactly what I got.
I'm gonna give you a free pass.
Nothing you say now will affect
my custody recommendation.
You have my word.
This is off the record.
Why would you do that?
Because believe it or not.
I'm trying to help you...
and I can't without the truth.
I put her in danger again.
Who. Deva?
She was home?
- What happened?
- They came for me.
Who came for you. Carrie?
You want the truth?
I'm a liar.
I lied to my family.
I lied to my husband.
Gordon. he never lied.
And his truth is the
only one I have left.
He dedicated his whole life
to fighting corruption in this town.
And you feel you have to see it through
because he died saving you.
- It's not so simple.
- Then help me.
Help me out with it.
Help me understand. Carrie.
What's the truth?
Carrie. help me...
That I never stopped
loving somebody else!
- I know. I have to stop this fighting.
- No.
You have to finish what you started.
What kind of shrink are you?
This is not the shrink talking.
This is the father in me.
And I know that until
you make peace with this.
you can't be the parent
that your children need.
So go finish it.
Where's my drugs?
- They took everything.
- Who did?
I... I don't...
You let Calvin Bunker
take my drugs? Huh?
You let Bunker take my drugs?
Hey. it's Veronica.
You disappeared on me this morning.
But anyway. I tracked down
our statutory rape victim.
She said all the right things.
but my bullshit meter is ringing.
Anyway. I'm going back
to the hotel. so call me
and I can fill you in on the...
Okay. hotel
surveillance shows Dawson
leaving the property
a little before noon yesterday.
I've got every available
deputy out searching for her.
FBI is mobilizing a task force.
She won't live that long.
We have to find her now.
How?
Hood. I have been hunting for
this son of a bitch for months
and all I got is dead ends.
What about the girl?
The one that burned herself.
Gail Westcott.
We searched her apartment three times.
We can't find a single
connection to Bode.
I did request an expedited
subpoena for her cell phone records.
- but that's still gonna take a few days.
- You still got the phone?
- Well. yeah. I mean. what's left of it.
- Let's go.
- I've seen that look before.
- I need your help.
Some things never change. do they?
- Just like old times.
- Well. you're the expert on old.
- Wait a minute. I know you.
- Excuse me?
You and I were in a gunfight together
with the Ukrainian
gangsters at the metalworks.
Correction. I was in a gunfight.
You were lying on the floor crying
about your motherfucking leg.
What's in the bag?
Cell phone. I need the call history.
Last few days.
Look. I'm afraid there's not
much to work with there...
Maybe for your police techs.
This got something to
do with the Bowman girl?
Yeah.
Give me 15 minutes.
Sugar. where's my computer?
- Exactly where you left it.
- Well. it ain't gonna fetch itself.
Fuck!
I'm in.
The heat scrambled most of the
internal memory. but there was
still enough raw data for me to
recover the ESN and hack the log.
I have no
idea what you're saying.
but I sure as hell
missed hearing you say it.
What time did that girl
set herself on fire?
- 7:00 A.M.
- She make any calls that morning?
Five in the two hours
before she grilled herself.
- All to the same number.
- Bode.
Give me the number.
I'll have my people do a trace.
I already traced it.
You best keep up. cop.
Belongs to a Kim Newton.
You know her?
No. but I'm guessing
she's connected to Bode.
Address.
Thanks.
Who the fuck let you in here?
I'm looking for Calvin.
You must also be looking
to get your ass kicked.
Mr. Bunker took something
that didn't belong to him.
My employer would like it back.
Yeah?
Well. you can tell Proctor
to go fuck himself.
- We're putting him out of business.
- Oh.
I see.
- Easy!
- You. you!
You're an FBI agent.
Yeah.
And you're a serial killer.
I don't kill them
because I like to. you know.
I know.
- You kill them because you're insane.
- It's all relative. right?
Not really. no.
You think Satan speaks to you.
There is no Satan.
Ergo. you're insane.
You're not afraid of me. are you?
Oh. don't take it personally.
I've just seen behind the
curtain one too many times.
- The curtain?
- Yeah. you know. like "The Wizard of Oz."
Turns out the big powerful wizard
is just smoke and mirrors.
a delusional old fart
with a few magic tricks.
You know what I think?
What's that?
I think you've taken down enough wizards
to wonder if maybe they know
something that you don't.
That maybe there are truths
other than the ones you tell yourself.
And those truths
have fucked you up so badly
that you don't even know
when to be afraid.
It bothers you I'm not afraid.
Makes you feel impotent.
less powerful.
- You can't profile me.
- I don't have to.
I already caught you.
- I like you. Veronica.
- But you're still gonna cut my heart out.
- Yes. I am.
- See what I mean?
Fucking insane.
- What's wrong?
- I just got a call
about a handful of Calvin's
guys dead at the clubhouse.
- Do you think Calvin did it?
- No. they're his guys.
But I think the
Brotherhood is going to war.
And I don't want to
have to worry about you
while I'm dealing with Calvin.
You're not safe here
at Brock's house anymore.
I spoke to a friend in Dade County.
He's a retired cop.
He's got a place in Turnberry Isle.
You and Hank will be safe
there for the time being.
- It won't be for long.
- You don't get it.
No matter where we run. as
long as Calvin's breathing.
- he's not gonna let me go.
- Yeah. it's me.
I'm talking to your
fucking voicemail again.
This is your last chance. Maggie.
Tell me where the fuck you are
or I swear to God I will destroy...
Call me back.
Oh. shit.
You really think I'll let this stand?
You stupid bitch.
This will not fucking stand.
I will fucking end you.
I will rip your fucking lungs out
- and I will strangle you with them.
- Calvin?
- Hello. Martin.
- What the hell are you doing?
Jesus Christ.
Stupid gook motherfucker!
Oh. my God.
Senator Mitchum.
thank you for seeing me.
I figure if it wasn't important.
you would have just called me.
- So what is it?
- We had some complications.
We can't afford any complications.
not with these people.
Or we both wake up
strangled by our own tongues.
I know that.
That's why I'm here.
- You're having production problems?
- No. production is on schedule.
I'm having... personnel issues.
Sheriff's Department!
Hello!
Check around back?
It's open.
♪ Move over. sun ♪
♪ And give me some sky... ♪
- We having company?
- Later.
I'm not really dressed for it.
And I could use a drink
if you're pouring.
- What would you like?
- Whiskey. please.
♪ Make me some room ♪
♪ You people up there ♪
♪ On top of the world ♪
♪ I'll meet you. I swear ♪
♪ I'm staking my claim... ♪
You're really gonna make me
drink my last drink through a straw?
We both know if I untie you.
you'll try to run.
Then I'll have to rough you up
again to get you back on the table.
And what would the neighbors think?
- Nothing. I'll check upstairs.
- Okay.
- So who's coming over?
- Just some friends.
- You have a ritual.
- Yeah.
- Upstairs is clear.
- She was here.
Oh. shit.
Well. she's not here now.
I wonder if this place has a basement.
Satan didn't tell you to kill me.
I just showed up.
- I can't let you live.
- Maybe I could just join you
and worship with you and your buddies?
- No.
- Why not?
Because Satan doesn't exist. remember?
I'm pretty sure you said that.
Nothing more annoying than a psychopath
who engages in Socratic debate.
Shh.
Now what?
You okay? What's wrong?
Hey.
- You look beautiful.
- Sorry. Kim. I'm not into girls.
- My name is Lilith.
- No. it's not.
You asked me how the sex was
when I met Declan.
It was transcendent.
Like he was occupying my soul.
- It was rape.
- No.
- You were a child.
- And he made me a woman.
- Hey. her car.
- What?
Her car is in there.
Give me a hand.
- This her car?
- Yeah.
- There's blood here.
- Shit.
Hey. Hood.
- What?
- Diprivan. Brand name for Propofol.
Same shit that killed Michael Jackson.
- What's it used for?
- General anesthesia.
So what the fuck is
it doing in a garage?
Brock?
Hey.
Killers. rapists.
drug dealers...
all walking the streets
because of you.
No. it's Proctor.
It's Proctor.
He threatened me.
I swear to God. he threat...
You...
are the goddamn district attorney.
He...
He threatened my family.
I have three kids. Please.
Please don't do this.
I want to know about everything
Proctor has his hands in.
I only know what he wants me to know.
- Are you lying to me?
- No.
No. wait. Wait. wait. wait.
Wait.
Last week...
last week he made my office
seize all the tower records
from the old municipal airport.
Why? Who's flying in?
Emilio Loera.
Loera?
He's a major player in
the Colombian cartel.
Proctor's selling to the cartel?
I don't know.
I swear to God. I don't know.
I'd tell you if I did.
- Go home.
- What?
You just quit.
Get your kids and get
the hell out of Banshee.
Hey. Hood.
The dizziness comes in waves.
They must have drugged us.
You got any give on your cuffs?
- No.
- Yeah. me neither.
What is this?
I don't know.
Some sort of basement.
Of course.
Did you get a look at him?
He came to visit me the other night.
- Who did?
- Bode.
You saw him?
Why the fuck didn't you say anything?
I don't know. Maybe I was...
spooked.
He knocked me out.
And when I came to. he
had a knife to my throat.
He could have killed me right there.
but he didn't.
Said he wanted me to bear witness.
- To what?
- I don't know.
But I'm guessing we're
about to find out.
So Dawson probably showed up
and got the same treatment.
She might still be here.
If she's not already dead.
Hey. I applaud your effort.
but you're not gonna break out
of stainless steel cuffs. okay?
You don't break the cuffs.
You work the links.
If you're lucky. there's a defect.
- Why don't you try yours again?
- All right.
Ah. fuck.
My right hand is a little loose.
If I can just get
a little more leverage.
They're solid. Stop it.
Hood. Hood. Stop!
Hey. hey. look at me.
Give it up. all right?
We're not getting out of here.
You know what sucks about this?
I mean. besides the fact
that we're gonna die.
I never got to be the
sheriff I wanted to be.
I waited so long for this.
I waited for one sheriff to die.
And then I had to wait
for you to burn out.
which you did in such a big way.
- No offense.
- None taken.
I mean. okay. so I'm not
the most charming guy.
I rub some people the wrong way
and. you know. I can't kiss ass.
It's just not in my nature. you know?
But I've never been afraid
to stand up to anybody
who threatened the
well-being of my town.
I wanted to be that guy. you know?
The guy that made people feel safe.
And I haven't done that.
Hey.
Can I ask you something?
- Be the last time.
- What?
Who the fuck are you?
Really.
Who are you?
Look. I know you got
a lot of secrets. Hood.
I'd be an idiot not to acknowledge that.
No. we're not gonna
do that condemned men
confess their sins shit. all right?
- Yeah. I think that's exactly what we're gonna...
- No. we're not.
Any minute now. that door is gonna open
and something very bad
is gonna walk through it.
Now. don't you want to meet
this with a clean conscience?
- No. shut the fuck up.
- Come on. Hood. please listen.
Then just answer the
fucking question for me!
- I said drop it. Brock!
- No. I'm not gonna drop it!
I want to know! Why are you here?
Why did you become a cop?
I am not a cop!
I never was a fucking cop!
What are you...?
- What does that... what does that mean?
- I'm not Lucas Hood!
I saw him die.
I picked up his wallet and I became him.
That's not even possible.
I don't... What are you...
I'm a lie. Brock. I'm a fake.
I was a thief.
Not just a thief.
I'm a fucking infiltration specialist.
Diamonds. gold. art.
anything. I could get it.
The places no one could
get into. I got in.
I had a good run.
but I got caught and I did 15 years.
No. no. You're fucking with me.
Come on.
You're an ex-con? No.
- That's right.
- No.
Who else knows about it?
Siobhan know?
- In the end. yeah.
- Why would you do that? Why?
Why would you come to this town
and pretend to be a cop?
I don't know. I...
When I got out...
I had nothing.
Whoever I was before... was gone.
I was no one.
All I knew is I needed to be close...
to the one person who...
who really knew me.
- Carrie Hopewell?
- Ana.
She was all I had.
So when I got out. I tracked
her down and I came for her.
But she had Gordon and
the kids and a life.
That's right.
Oh. my God.
I became... sheriff.
But you're not. You weren't.
Well. I was getting up every day.
putting on the uniform.
Eventually the... lie took over.
I believed it.
I was... I was the sheriff.
I was a cop and I liked it.
I fucking loved it.
Somehow it just...
Somehow it just felt right.
There's nothing fucking
right about what you did.
It is the opposite of right.
You son of a bitch.
I believed you.
I trusted you. I followed you.
- I killed for you.
- No.
No. you killed for you.
Not me.
I just showed you the way.
A criminal.
That's rich.
I was deputy to a criminal.
Oh. God.
It all makes sense now.
All of it.
I'm so stupid.
If you're not Lucas Hood...
what's your name?
Sheriff Lotus.
It's good to see you again.
And you.
Dr. Quick tells me you're
friends with Agent Dawson.
That's right.
And if you've hurt her in any way...
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
- You fellas are in for a treat tonight.
- Yeah?
You gonna con another poor
girl into burning herself to a crisp?
Gail was a true believer.
No. she was a confused
and vulnerable young girl
who you manipulated for
your own sick pleasure.
It looks like you're going
to be my guests tonight.
Thing is. we have a dress code.
so Dr. Quick is going to work
his magic and make you look
a little more like family.
You bust into my office.
You steal my camera.
I gotta say.
I was hoping we would meet again.
Gather round. everybody.
It's almost time to begin.
We have an unexpected offering tonight.
I think he will be pleased.
Gloria Satanas.
Satanas vobiscum.
- Gloria Satanas.
- Satanas vobiscum.
Gloria Satanas.
Don't worry. Sheriff.
This won't hurt a bit.
Well. maybe a little bit.
Here we go. Gloria Satanas
et Belial et Spiritui maloso.
Sicut erat in principo.
et nunc. et semper.
et in saecula saeculorum.
No. no.
Stay the fuck away from me.
Stay away!
Stay the fuck away from me!
Amen. evil from us deliver but
temptation into not us lead and
us against trespass
who those forgive we as
trespasses our us forgive and
bread daily our day this us give
heaven in is it as Earth on
done be will thy come kingdom thy
name thy be hallowed
heaven in art who Father our.
Hey. hey.
You don't have to do this.
But I really want to.
Hey!
You can't hurt me.
He won't allow it.
Oh. yeah?
Then he won't mind if I do this.
What's so funny?
You have no idea how
insignificant you really are.
That makes two of us. pal.
Declan!
Hood!
Is that the man that killed my niece?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Don't bother.
Job.
- You remembered.
- I have money. Job.
Lots of it.
- You have no idea.
- 23.62 million.
Not counting the 5.2
million in Swiss francs
you have stashed away in the Caymans.
Or rather I should say
"you had."
What did you do with my money?
Oh. honey. that ain't
your money no more.
What do you want?
What do I want?
I want...
20 months of my
motherfucking life back.
It wasn't personal.
But you're right.
I fucked you.
We can put the past behind us.
- Imagine what you and I could do...
- 20 months!
20 months
of planning all the things
I was going to do
when I got out.
All the things I was going to do...
to the motherfucker who put me there.
But I have since seen the light.
Erasing your worthless ass
ain't gonna give me
back the time you took.
- You're not going to kill me?
- No.
I'm going to kill me.
You wanted to fuck with the best.
Well. now you are the best.
Now you are Job.
From now on. anytime
anybody comes looking for me.
they're gonna find you.
Every security system I ever cracked.
every organization I ever compromised.
every dollar I ever stole.
they all got your
fingerprints on them now.
Mossad. People's Republic.
Uncle Sam. and a who's who
of unsavory terrorist types.
they all got serious beef
with you now.
Bitch. I just made your punk ass famous.
And something tells me...
you gonna be a hell of a lot
easier to find than I ever was.
- Have a nice short life. motherfucker.
- Job. wait.
You can't do this to me!
Job!
sync & correction by f1nc0
Resync by GoldenBeard
~ Addic7ed.com ~
♪ This town ain't changed ♪
♪ It's still the same ♪
♪ And it knows my name ♪
♪ I still remember ♪
♪ All the ways you took me down ♪
♪ You're every corner of
this godforsaken town ♪
♪ Like a river breaking stone ♪
♪ Beneath the ground ♪
♪ We are the future ♪
♪ We are bound. ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today